docs: handle immutable headers error (#12543)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

	event.locals.user = await getUserInformation(event.cookies.get('sessionid'));

	const response = await resolve(event);

> 
> 	try {
> 		response.headers.set('x-custom-header', 'potato');
> 	} catch {
> 		// Response objects can have immutable headers.
> 		// Modifying immutable headers throws a TypeError.
> 		// e.g. Response.redirect() returned from an endpoint.
> 	}

Reviewer: what about this?

```suggestion

	// Note that response objects can have immutable headers
	// (e.g. Response.redirect() returned from an endpoint).
	// Modifying immutable headers throws a TypeError.
	// In that case, clone the response or avoid creating a
	// response object with immutable headers.
	response.headers.set('x-custom-header', 'potato');
```

that way we note it but don't have to bloat a simple code snippets
